Add documentation - Develop On Kuzzle - Embedded SDK (#1859)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/develop-on-kuzzle/3-event-system/index.md

::: info
To prevent infinite loops, if a hook attached to the `hook:onError` event fails, it won't trigger any other events.
:::

## Trigger Events

::: info

> You can only trigger custom events in the `runtime` phase, after application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only trigger custom events during the `runtime` phase, after the application has started.
```

::: info
To prevent infinite loops, if a hook attached to the `hook:onError` event fails, it won't trigger any other events.
:::

## Trigger Events

::: info
You can only trigger custom events during the `runtime` phase, after the application has started.
::: 

**Internal or custom events can be triggered** with the [Backend.trigger](/core/2/some-link) method.

Pipes and hooks can be plugged on custom events as well as on internal events.

::: info

> It's considered as a good practice to prefix your event name with your application name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's considered a good practice to prefix your event name with your application name.
```
